docs/Medical/Medical.md, before:

# ACE Medical
## Generic
The basics of what a player needs to know to be an effective part of a squad as a non medic, with regards to ACE Medical

### ACE Medical fundamentals
### Unit states
#### Alive and well
#### Hurt
#### Unconscious
#### Dead

### Simulated Parameters
#### Wounds
  - And Wound reopening
#### Bleeding
#### Vitals
#### Pain
#### Fractures

## The ACE Medical menu
### How to Access
### How to Navigate
### How to Read
## Taking Damage with ACE Medical
  - Different types of damage Very briefly. Do not need to explain every type of wound. Just the difference between bleeding wounds and non-bleeding wounds

## Evaluating damage
### Is the patient conscious
### How hurt is the patient
### Does the patient have vitals
### How much is the patient bleeding
### How long ago did the patient receive damage

## Treatment
### Stopping bleeding
### Restoring vitals
  - Also explain the death timer here, and how CPR resets it even if there is no pulse
### Controlling pain
### Fixing fractures
### Regaining consciousness

## Risks of medications
### Morphine
### Epinephrine

## How to act as a non-medic
### What to bring
### What to say
### What to do
### Looking out for team members.
### Making it easier for team members to look out for you.
### How to help your medic help you



# For Medics
## The Medics Mindset
### Why play as a medic
### What makes a good medic
### Bedside manner

## Working with a team
### Communication
### Chain of Command
### Placement and Movement
### Working with other medics
## Dealing with multiple casualties
### Prioritization
### Assistance
## Treatments
### Bandages
  - Types of bandages and their stats
  -  What bandages to bring and when to use them
### Medications
  - Types of medications and their effects
  - When to use what medication
### Vitals
#### Heartrate
  - Effects of High / Low HR
  - Causes for high / Low HR
#### Blood pressure
  - How to read BP
  - Effects of High / Low BP
  - Causes for High / Low BP
#### Blood loss
  - Stages of blood loss
  - Treating blood loss
#### Consciousness
  - Causes for unconsciousness
  - Regaining consciousness
#### Pain
  - Symptoms of pain
  - Treating pain

Commit message:

Short explanations under each header in generic section
Quickly explaining what my thinking is with each section in the generic part

docs/Medical/Medical.md, after:

# ACE Medical
## Generic
The basics of what a player needs to know to be an effective part of a squad as a non medic, with regards to ACE Medical

### ACE Medical fundamentals
_What ACE Medical is and how it affects gameplay_

### Unit states
_How ACE Medical differs from vanilla ArmA_
#### Alive and well
#### Hurt
#### Unconscious
#### Dead

### Simulated Parameters
_What ACE Medical simulates_
#### Wounds
  - And Wound reopening
#### Bleeding
#### Vitals
#### Pain
#### Fractures

## The ACE Medical menu
_How to interact with ACE Medical as a player_
### How to Access
### How to Navigate
### How to Read

## Taking Damage with ACE Medical
  (Might remove later, not sure about this one)
  _How damage is applied to the player compared to vanilla_
  - Different types of damage Very briefly. Do not need to explain every type of wound. Just the difference between bleeding wounds and non-bleeding wounds

## Evaluating damage
_How to efficiently triage casualties_
### Is the patient conscious
### How hurt is the patient
### Does the patient have vitals
### How much is the patient bleeding
### How long ago did the patient receive damage

## Treatment
_How to stabilize and treat a casualty_
### Stopping bleeding
### Restoring vitals
  - Also explain the death timer here, and how CPR resets it even if there is no pulse
### Controlling pain
### Fixing fractures
### Regaining consciousness

## Risks of medications
_What not to do with morphine and epi_
### Morphine
### Epinephrine

## How to act as a non-medic
_How one should act to not get left behind while uncon_
### What to bring
### What to say
### What to do
### Looking out for team members.
### Making it easier for team members to look out for you.
### How to help your medic help you



# For Medics
## The Medics Mindset
### Why play as a medic
### What makes a good medic
### Bedside manner

## Working with a team
### Communication
### Chain of Command
### Placement and Movement
### Working with other medics
## Dealing with multiple casualties
### Prioritization
### Assistance
## Treatments
### Bandages
  - Types of bandages and their stats
  -  What bandages to bring and when to use them
### Medications
  - Types of medications and their effects
  - When to use what medication
### Vitals
#### Heartrate
  - Effects of High / Low HR
  - Causes for high / Low HR
#### Blood pressure
  - How to read BP
  - Effects of High / Low BP
  - Causes for High / Low BP
#### Blood loss
  - Stages of blood loss
  - Treating blood loss
#### Consciousness
  - Causes for unconsciousness
  - Regaining consciousness
#### Pain
  - Symptoms of pain
  - Treating pain
